Docs for next iteration of Agentgateway (#11)
agentgateway/website: assets/docs/snippets/example-basic-mcp.md

| Field | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
| `binds` | Binds set up each port on which the agentgateway listens for incoming requests. This example configures one port. |
| `port` | The port to listen on, such as `3000`. |
| `listeners` | Listeners configure how agentgateway accepts and processes incoming requests. They do this by grouping together resources such as routes and the backends that serve traffic. |
| `routes` | Routes configure advanced routing features, such as traffic policies, that control how traffic is sent to the backends. In the example, the route matches all traffic. |
| `policies` | Policies configure traffic policies on routes that shape how traffic is sent to the backends. In the example, a basic CORS policy is configured to allow all origins and the `mcp-protocol-version` header, so that you can use the UI in a later step. |
| `backends` | Backends configure the backing destination where the traffic is sent to. Backends can be MCP servers, A2A agents, or OpenAPI servers. In this example, the backend is an MCP server. |

> | `targets` | Targets configure the details of the backend, such as the MCP server. In this example, the target is the sample, open source MCP test server, `server-everything`. The server runs the entire MCP stack in a single process and can be used to test, develop, or demo MCP environments. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `targets` | Targets configure the details of the backend, such as the MCP server. In this example, the target is the sample, open source MCP test server, `server-everything`. The server runs a bunch of tools in a single process that are useful for testing. |
```
